Miss what nonsense you are talking about
I see.
You are going to marry into the Zhou family as a stepmother because of the dowry money
You are very unhappy
But you don't need to wrong me so much, do you?
It's not you, what's your hurry?
Parents are responsible
Now because of this shit
Dealing with the police all day
Do you know how many people poked them both?
What about the spine?
People who steal money are afraid
We are the victims.
What are we afraid of?
I don't care. I'm getting married soon.
I will never allow my maiden family
With a lawsuit
Comrade Lin, don't worry
After you sign the account
You're not next door.
It's none of your business.
I know you hate me for ruining my marriage
That's why I want to destroy my dad
Zhou Yuesheng
There is an idiom I don't know what it means
Explain to me.
What idiom?
There is no silver three hundred taels here.
Mom, take care of her
You just let Miss bully me like this
Comrade Zhou is right
This lawsuit has nothing to do with you
Don't worry, mom.
Hey, why did Sisi leave?
No way.
I have to find a way to get your house out of the way
Otherwise, if something is found out
My life is over
Why are you here?
Xiaodong Xiaohan
Miss you
What about you? Did you miss me?
Let's go home.
The old man will make you tell the truth one day